xmpp.md, before:

---
layout: static
title: XMPP
---
Decentralized communication is more important than ever, and while we still
love our IRC-channel we decided that it would be awesome to add another
XMPP-server to the Internet so even more people can eventually stop relying on
horrible things like ICQ. This page contains information about it.

Registration
----
Registration is free (free as in beer as well as free as in libre - only free
software is used to provide this service) and can be done directly from within
your prefered client. If you, for some reason, can't register with your
client-software: Shoot us a mail at **sloths@slothkrew.com** and we will create
it for you.

Server information
----

The address for the MUC-service is **conference.slothkrew.com**, there is a
precreated room that serves as our **lounge** and is thus named so. Of course
you are free to create your own rooms.

Rules
----
We could potentially write a lengthy article about what you are allowed to do
and what you are not allowed to, but in the end it boils down to three basic
rules you need to follow in order to have a pleasant stay:

* Don't be an ass-twat
* Don't use this service to abuse others
* Seriously: Don't be an ass-twat

We know that it's easy to be relatively hard to catch on the Internet. And yes,
we know that we are putting a certain amount of trust in mankind. (Sloths are
their biggest enemy.)

Even though we hope that we will never reach that point: We reserve the right
to bar people out of this server if they act ass-twaty. We keep limited logs
that will be used for nothing but either trouble-shooting or slapping people
with their offenses.

Security
----
First of all: We are not perfect. As a matter of fact we are sloths, that means
we are probably busy hanging around on trees. And while we therefore can't
guarantee for the safety of your data we try to make your stay as comfortable
and safe as possible.

We did not do any crazy magic to harden the server, we run a pretty much
vanilla installation of Debian stable (which is Wheezy as of this writing)
without stuff like grsecurity or a super-fancy-epic-hardened kernel. We jus try
to make sure that software stays up-to-date and access to the machine is
properly restricted.

Prosody is installed directly from the developer's package repository to be
able to use stronger encryption and IPv6 which is both unfortunately not
available with the version that's in Debian's default repositories.

We enforce encryption for both c2s- and s2s-connections. Yes, we are aware that
there is the potential of servers not being able to communicate with ours but
it doesn't outweigh the definite security gain everybody gets out of it.

The SHA-1-fingerprint of the certificate is:

>0A:A0:02:B9:83:FB:35:A6:23:81:6E:AC:54:23:CD:60:FE:D2:96:3B

In addition to mandatory encryption we switched away from Prosody's default
settings but instead implemented the recommendations of the
[BetterCrypto](https://bettercrypto.org)-project in order to further increase
connection security. We went even further and made TLS 1.2 mandatory, nothing
else is supported. For the reasons of this please take a look at one of our
[blog posts](LINKTOBLOGPOSTGOESHERE).

Prosody's default is to store passwords in plaintext, which is one of the
biggest no-no's ever. We don't want to land
[here](http://plaintextoffenders.com/) one day. Or your passwords to land on
some underground forum. Because of that we use the storage-backend
'internal_hashed'.

We log. But nothing more than necessary, that means we only log messages of
classification 'error' or higher. When you talk with whom is none of our
concern.

If, for some reason, we need more information (perfect example: Debugging
purposes) and thus have to increase the loglevel temporarily, we will inform
you before we do so.

We highly recommend that you make use of
[OTR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Off-the-Record_Messaging) which provides
you with encryption, authentication, deniability and PFS. Luckily it is already
part of many popular clients (Such as Adium for OSX or mcabber for BSD/Linux),
and in case it's not there is most likely a easily configurable plugin out
there.

In terms of the danger of data loss: There are daily backups done by our
server-provider (He basically takes a dump of our virtual machine which is
fully encrypted. So there won't be any violation of your privacy.) and we are
in the process of implementing encrypted backups to at least one remote
destination.

Questions?
----
If there is something on your mind or you need help something feel free to
contact us. Via IRC (Given the amount of mentions it gets here on the page it
should be easy to figure out where we hang around.), shoot us a mail (Same
applies for that method of contact) or XMPP.

Commit message:

Plans for the future added

xmpp.md, after:

---
layout: static
title: XMPP
---
Decentralized communication is more important than ever, and while we still
love our IRC-channel we decided that it would be awesome to add another
XMPP-server to the Internet so even more people can eventually stop relying on
horrible things like ICQ. This page contains information about it.

Registration
----
Registration is free (free as in beer as well as free as in libre - only free
software is used to provide this service) and can be done directly from within
your prefered client. If you, for some reason, can't register with your
client-software: Shoot us a mail at **sloths@slothkrew.com** and we will create
it for you.

Server information
----

The address for the MUC-service is **conference.slothkrew.com**, there is a
precreated room that serves as our **lounge** and is thus named so. Of course
you are free to create your own rooms.

Rules
----
We could potentially write a lengthy article about what you are allowed to do
and what you are not allowed to, but in the end it boils down to three basic
rules you need to follow in order to have a pleasant stay:

* Don't be an ass-twat
* Don't use this service to abuse others
* Seriously: Don't be an ass-twat

We know that it's easy to be relatively hard to catch on the Internet. And yes,
we know that we are putting a certain amount of trust in mankind. (Sloths are
their biggest enemy.)

Even though we hope that we will never reach that point: We reserve the right
to bar people out of this server if they act ass-twaty. We keep limited logs
that will be used for nothing but either trouble-shooting or slapping people
with their offenses.

Security
----
First of all: We are not perfect. As a matter of fact we are sloths, that means
we are probably busy hanging around on trees. And while we therefore can't
guarantee for the safety of your data we try to make your stay as comfortable
and safe as possible.

We did not do any crazy magic to harden the server, we run a pretty much
vanilla installation of Debian stable (which is Wheezy as of this writing)
without stuff like grsecurity or a super-fancy-epic-hardened kernel. We jus try
to make sure that software stays up-to-date and access to the machine is
properly restricted.

Prosody is installed directly from the developer's package repository to be
able to use stronger encryption and IPv6 which is both unfortunately not
available with the version that's in Debian's default repositories.

We enforce encryption for both c2s- and s2s-connections. Yes, we are aware that
there is the potential of servers not being able to communicate with ours but
it doesn't outweigh the definite security gain everybody gets out of it.

The SHA-1-fingerprint of the certificate is:

>0A:A0:02:B9:83:FB:35:A6:23:81:6E:AC:54:23:CD:60:FE:D2:96:3B

In addition to mandatory encryption we switched away from Prosody's default
settings but instead implemented the recommendations of the
[BetterCrypto](https://bettercrypto.org)-project in order to further increase
connection security. We went even further and made TLS 1.2 mandatory, nothing
else is supported. For the reasons of this please take a look at one of our
[blog posts](LINKTOBLOGPOSTGOESHERE).

Prosody's default is to store passwords in plaintext, which is one of the
biggest no-no's ever. We don't want to land
[here](http://plaintextoffenders.com/) one day. Or your passwords to land on
some underground forum. Because of that we use the storage-backend
'internal_hashed'.

We log. But nothing more than necessary, that means we only log messages of
classification 'error' or higher. When you talk with whom is none of our
concern.

If, for some reason, we need more information (perfect example: Debugging
purposes) and thus have to increase the loglevel temporarily, we will inform
you before we do so.

We highly recommend that you make use of
[OTR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Off-the-Record_Messaging) which provides
you with encryption, authentication, deniability and PFS. Luckily it is already
part of many popular clients (Such as Adium for OSX or mcabber for BSD/Linux),
and in case it's not there is most likely a easily configurable plugin out
there.

In terms of the danger of data loss: There are daily backups done by our
server-provider (He basically takes a dump of our virtual machine which is
fully encrypted. So there won't be any violation of your privacy.) and we are
in the process of implementing encrypted backups to at least one remote
destination.

Plans for the future
----
There are some things that we potentially like to improve in order to improve your stay here. This includes but is not limited to:

* DNSSEC for slothkrew.com (That would require running our own nameservers and dealing with Godaddy's stupid way of handling zone transfers)
* Web registration (That would require tying together the proper module and nginx to make it secure)

We can't give you an ETA on this tough. We are sloths after all.

Questions?
----
If there is something on your mind or you need help something feel free to
contact us. Via IRC (Given the amount of mentions it gets here on the page it
should be easy to figure out where we hang around.), shoot us a mail (Same
applies for that method of contact) or XMPP.
