---
layout: post
title:  "mod_require_otr enabled soon"
date:   2016-06-08
categories: admin
author: dot|not
---
The important part of this entry first: Starting from Friday, the 10th of June
2016, the XMPP-server for slothkrew.com will **require** you to use OTR for all
of your messages. Plaintext chat won't work any longer. That also means that
there will be a downtime of a few seconds when we restart the server to load
the new module. Sorry for the inconvenience.


The main upsides are obvious - no we **really** don't have any possibility to
peek into your private conversations without doing some very complicated
OTR-MitM-attack that isn't, as far as I am aware, feasible due to the very
specific design of OTR. And if we can't see what your dank memes, that means
that the chances aren't that bad that an adversary can't either. That's a win!

![image](https://my.mixtape.moe/davajq.jpg)

(I hope it's as painful to look at as it was painful to make.)

The downside is that groupchats obviously won't work anymore. We are aware of
that, but since groupchats are, generally speaking, only a fraction of traffic,
we think it's worth the the risk.

We're also aware that not all clients out there actually support OTR. We did
some research and came to the same conclusion as we did back then when we had
to decide on [ciphersets and the
lot](https://slothkrew.com/misc/2015/03/03/decisions-on-design.html). The gros
of clients, especially the popular ones (such as Pidgin, Adium, Miranda),
support OTR. Some of them do it out of the box, all of them via plugin. Even
several mobile clients support OTR. To be brutally honest, .. in this day and
age, if your client does not support OTR it's wise to switch to a saner one.


As usual: If you have any problems, don't hesitate to drop us a note.

**Update 12th of June**: The plugin has been enabled for a few days now. No
problems so far. We've updated the description page on this site to reflect
these changes.
